README.md, before:

# Terrain Navigation

## Overview

This work investigates a strategy for evaluating the navigability of terrain from 3-D imaging. Labeled training data was automatically generated by running a simulation of a mobile robot naively exploring a virtual world.  During this exploration, sections of terrain were perceived through simulated depth imaging and saved with labels of safe or unsafe, depending on the outcome of the robot's experience driving through the perceived regions.  This labeled data was used to train a deep convolutional neural network. Once trained, the network was able to evaluate the safety of perceived regions.  The trained network was shown to be effective in achieving relatively safe, autonomous driving through novel, challenging, unmapped terrain. 

## Instruction

### 1. Git Clone

Since the repo contains several submodule repos, it is recommended to use the following git commands under your ros workspace:
```
git clone --recursive https://gitub.com/xpharry/Terrain_Navigation.git
```
### 2. Install other dependencies using `sudo apt install`

```
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-pkgs ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-control
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-costmap-2d
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-move-base-msgs
```

## Developing Log

**9/20:**

* Duplicate [TJ's repo](https://github.com/nrgsy/Deep-Learning-Terrain-Navigation.git)
* External dependence packages from Git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/wsnewman/learning_ros_external_packages.git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/tu-darmstadt-ros-pkg/hector_gazebo.git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/tu-darmstadt-ros-pkg/hector_tracked_vehicles_common.git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/ros-perception/openslam_gmapping
    <!-- * git submodule add https://github.com/ros-perception/slam_gmapping # jk not this one anymore -->
    * git submodule add https://github.com/tu-darmstadt-ros-pkg/hector_slam
* Install other dependencies using `sudo apt install`
    * *gazebo_ros_pkgs*: `sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-pkgs ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-control` [Installation Guide](http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_installing)
    * *costmap-2d*: `sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-costmap-2d`
    * *move_base_msgs*: `sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-move-base-msgs`
* Prepare developing environment:
    * Fix the conflict between Ros and Anaconda.
        1. Comment the Anaconda setting in ~/.bashrc to disable it globally.
        2. Anaconda sacrifices its convenience by setting the *PATH* variable every time.
* Now it is fine to compile the whole workspace with `catkin_make` command.
* Rename and reconstruct the repo for possible slitting into two: a deep learning repo and a ros package repo.

**9/25:**

* Update "Instruction" about git clone with repos containing submodules.
* Update README files in subflolders: replace mobot by sentry.

Commit message:

update readme for install note

README.md, after:

# Terrain Navigation

## Overview

This work investigates a strategy for evaluating the navigability of terrain from 3-D imaging. Labeled training data was automatically generated by running a simulation of a mobile robot naively exploring a virtual world.  During this exploration, sections of terrain were perceived through simulated depth imaging and saved with labels of safe or unsafe, depending on the outcome of the robot's experience driving through the perceived regions.  This labeled data was used to train a deep convolutional neural network. Once trained, the network was able to evaluate the safety of perceived regions.  The trained network was shown to be effective in achieving relatively safe, autonomous driving through novel, challenging, unmapped terrain. 

## Instruction

### 1. Git Clone

Since the repo contains several submodule repos, it is recommended to use the following git commands under your ros workspace:
```
git clone --recursive https://gitub.com/xpharry/Terrain_Navigation.git
```
### 2. Install other dependencies using `sudo apt install`

```
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-pkgs ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-control
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-costmap-2d
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-move-base-msgs
```

### 3. Compile

Put model files and lib files in specified position in your PC as indicated in [install notes](./ros_packages/sentry/install_notes.txt)

## Developing Log

**9/20:**

* Duplicate [TJ's repo](https://github.com/nrgsy/Deep-Learning-Terrain-Navigation.git)
* External dependence packages from Git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/wsnewman/learning_ros_external_packages.git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/tu-darmstadt-ros-pkg/hector_gazebo.git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/tu-darmstadt-ros-pkg/hector_tracked_vehicles_common.git
    * git submodule add https://github.com/ros-perception/openslam_gmapping
    <!-- * git submodule add https://github.com/ros-perception/slam_gmapping # jk not this one anymore -->
    * git submodule add https://github.com/tu-darmstadt-ros-pkg/hector_slam
* Install other dependencies using `sudo apt install`
    * *gazebo_ros_pkgs*: `sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-pkgs ros-kinetic-gazebo-ros-control` [Installation Guide](http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_installing)
    * *costmap-2d*: `sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-costmap-2d`
    * *move_base_msgs*: `sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-move-base-msgs`
* Prepare developing environment:
    * Fix the conflict between Ros and Anaconda.
        1. Comment the Anaconda setting in ~/.bashrc to disable it globally.
        2. Anaconda sacrifices its convenience by setting the *PATH* variable every time.
* Now it is fine to compile the whole workspace with `catkin_make` command.
* Rename and reconstruct the repo for possible slitting into two: a deep learning repo and a ros package repo.

**9/25:**

* Update "Instruction" about git clone with repos containing submodules.
* Update README files in subflolders: replace mobot by sentry.
